what's going on folks who's ready for
some battlefield 4 load outs now what
before I get started with these I just
wanted to say a quick word my
battlefield loadout videos attracted the
least number of views but they also end
up taking the most amount of time
because of all the research that I do
plus having to Train net collects
gameplay with what's often not a very
competitive set up by know plenty of you
guys enjoy them and I've tried to take
them to the next level with this year's
battlefield for military load outs so if
you do enjoy the video or if you'd like
to help spread the word I'd really
appreciate your support in the way of
likes favorites and all that good stuff
but let's stop wasting time and get
straight on with episode one of my new
battlefield 4 load outs so in the PAL
field 3 series I kind of found my feet
doing military load outs and I'm gonna
continue that theme this year so what
we're gonna start off with the US Navy
SEALs one of the ways I'm going to try
and up the quality this year is to
include some cool video footage to help
refer to for my decisions on each
loadout so in the case of the US Navy
SEALs I'm going to feature the active
Valor movie from 2012 which featured
real-life Navy SEALs as the actors and
they used authentic weapon setups even
with live ammunition in some scenes so
if let's load out in-game we're gonna
use the Recon kit but that doesn't mean
we're going to choose a sniper rifle the
carbines in battlefield 4 the new all
kit weapons which means we can choose
the Recon kick early for the character's
appearance at least on the US side this
multicam apparel with the boonie hat
really fits in well to the jungle rescue
scene from the active volley and because
these military load outs while they are
quite authentic to real-life they don't
always play out too well in games I'm
also gonna give a little rating for each
one and in the case of this US Navy SEAL
loadout comes out as moderate we're
gonna be using a pretty competitive
weapon but we're not going to use some
of the accessories and attachments that
allow for its best performance so let's
jump straight in and take a look at the
weapons setup for the US Navy SEAL
loadout for Battlefield 4 the one weapon
used by the Navy SEALs throughout the
active our movie is the m4a1 in various
configurations
this is a weapon we've got in bf4 which
is migrated from battlefield 3 but then
we had both the m4 and the m4a1 in the
engineer kit one of them is full auto
and the other was 3 round burst and it's
that burst variant that we get in
battlefield 4
I really wish would have got the follow
a tramatic variant I always find the
burst setup on therefore often inhibits
your close-quarters abilities but I
always find it and locking up on me when
I'm trying to press that trigger too
fast but still the m4 has got pretty
average stats all around and it does
make a fairly competitive weapon at
least that burst mode does help conserve
your ammo so to end up burning through
it all in just a couple of gunfights and
one of the main reasons I've labeled
this first setup is moderate difficulty
is because we're going to use some
attachments that don't necessarily play
well to the m4 strengths
the most common sets that we can see
from those active Varlamov ec n--'s is
the holographic sia tactical light and a
vertical foregrip we've got all these
options available in-game but if you
were setting up them for more
competitively I'd probably go with a
muzzle break to obtain that recoil and
switch out that vertical grip would one
that helps with controlled fire rather
than increasing your hipfire accuracy
which doesn't really help too much with
a burst weapon the holographic sides are
pretty usable optic though at least
nowadays it's a 1 times magnification as
opposed to 1.5 so it's one that you can
make use of as you enjoy these authentic
builds the tactical light is actually a
battle pack item but as always the
flashlight if you haven't been lucky
enough to acquire it actually found
myself mixed in between both the fatzke
light and the flashlight the main
difference is that the tactical light
only comes on when you aim down size
which helps avoid giving away your
position when running around but if
you're in any of those maps where the
lights go out or whether you're in a
particularly dark situation the
flashlight does help but luminate the
areas in front of you without having to
aim down sights if you want to be 100%
authentic then you'll leave the barrel
attachment blank to match the real-life
setup the same goes with the vertical
grip for the underbarrel accessory
again this is one attachment there's a
battle pack item but you could always go
with the Ergo grip as an alternative the
vertical grip doesn't really do any
favours in terms of performance but it's
the one we'll need to choose for our
authenticity for the second your weapon
the sig p226 is using
of late at the end of the movie I
remember back in my battlefield three
loadout series I was longing for this
weapon with it being used by pretty much
all Special Forces these days finally
going to make use of in battlefield 4
but we're gonna leave all the
accessories blank which means using the
plain old iron sights no accessory and
the standard barrel once again there's
no harm in setting this weapon up to
your personal preference but this
loadout series is all about having some
fun setting up a class's authentic to
the real life force so let's finish off
this setup let's take a look at the
equipment selections for the grenade
we're gonna go with the plain old m67
this is another weapon that's featured
in the movie but for future episodes
I'll definitely be making use of the
hand flare and the flashbang grenades
there's the perfect set of field
upgrades named spec ops which fits in
perfectly with the Navy SEALs being a
special operations force but in this
Battlefield 4 series of loadout so I'm
gonna skip over the gadgets elections
often found in battlefield 3 that I was
just making choices just for the sake of
it such as choosing the medic Pike or
the ammo box with no real reference to
real life so in the case of these
battlefield follow doubts when we make
two suggestions of a vehicle and a bonus
item the vehicle choice is one that you
can use if you really want to take this
load out to the next level with your
friends if you and your whole squad
wanna players US Navy SEALs and set
yourselves up with this loadout and then
find yourself a riverboat to go cruising
around
we saw the naval aspect in the Act of
Valor movie from the scene at the end of
that jungle rescue mission where the
boat comes speeding rounds picked them
up and shows an impressive show of force
with those awesome mini guns that was
one scene in the movie that was actually
live-fire rounds then the bonus item is
where I can make a reference to a gadget
if need be so what in the case of the US
Navy SEALs loadout we're gonna go with
the suav
this is actually a China rising DLC
unlock so it's not what we can play with
at the moment but if you're watching
this video in the near future then you
can make use of this item it really fits
in perfectly to the movie with the being
remote-controlled UAV used in that
jungle scene so what go ahead and have
some fun with this US Navy SEAL loadout
for battlefield 4 like I mentioned I'm
putting some considerable time into
these loadout videos nowadays especially
with those movie clips so if you enjoyed
the video or I'd like to help spread the
word I'd really appreciate a thumbs up
or a favorite down below I've got a few
ideas for future episodes in mind so far
but I'm always interested to hear your
suggestions down in the comments of so
this time I'm going to need some kind of
TV program or movie that features the
military force to refer to so get
posting your favorite war movies if you
just stumbled across my videos don't
forget to the subscribe button to stick
around plenty more battlefield for
loadouts as well as my battlefield 4
weapon guide series otherwise thanks for
watching I'll catch you all later